feat: Deal with Duplicates in Response, Clean Up (#247)
skip-mev/slinky: providers/apis/dydx/README.md

# dYdX Market Params API

> > To learn more about the price aggregation that pairs with this API as well as the structure of the side-cars market config (Market Map), please refer to the [Median Index Price Aggregator readme](../../../pkg/math/oracle/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To learn more about the price aggregation that pairs with this API as well as the structure of the side-car's market config (Market Map), refer to the [Median Index Price Aggregator readme](../../../pkg/math/oracle/README.md).
```
